Update ingress-operator.adoc (#86578)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/networking_operators/ingress-operator.adoc

== Additional resources

* xref:../../networking/configuring-a-custom-pki.adoc#configuring-a-custom-pki[Configuring a custom PKI]
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7096271[Viewing the original client source IP through the X-Forwarded-For header in OpenShift Ingress access log]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7096271[Viewing the original client source IP through the X-Forwarded-For header in {product-title} Ingress access log]
```

Reviewer: @rameshsahoo111 please update your PR with this suggestion and squash commits if necessary. thank you
